Add new remote store options to Snapshot API (#4977)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _api-reference/snapshots/create-repository.md

`compress` | Whether to compress metadata files. This setting does not affect data files, which might already be compressed, depending on your index settings. Default is `false`. Optional.
`max_restore_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots restore. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.
`max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots take. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether or not the current snapshot is a full copy or shallow copy. 

Reviewer: Customer needs to set this flag during create repository which when enabled, we will take snapshots of all the remote store enabled indices as shallow copy. maybe rephrase it to something like `Whether or not the snapshot of remote store enabled indices be captured as shallow copy.'

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether or not the current snapshot is a full copy or shallow copy. 

Author: ```suggestion
`remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy.
```

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 2: just suggesting to add a verb. Global if you decide it's necessary.
```suggestion
`remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Determines whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.
```

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 3: "is" captured? (should agree with "the snapshot")

`max_restore_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots restore. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.
`max_snapshot_bytes_per_sec` | The maximum rate at which snapshots take. Default is 40 MB per second (`40m`). Optional.
`readonly` | Whether the repository is read-only. Useful when migrating from one cluster (`"readonly": false` when registering) to another cluster (`"readonly": true` when registering). Optional.

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether or not the current snapshot is a full copy or shallow copy. 

Reviewer: here as well: `Whether or not the snapshot of remote store enabled indices be captured as shallow copy.' also, we can add that the default value of this will be False.

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether or not the current snapshot is a full copy or shallow copy. 

Author: ```suggestion
`remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.
```

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.

Reviewer 3: Same

> `remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes are captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.

Author: ```suggestion
`remote_store_index_shallow_copy` | Boolean | Whether the snapshot of the remote store indexes is captured as a shallow copy. Default is `false`.
```
